docs: improve join docs (#7699)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/joins/join-streams-and-tables.md

  EMIT CHANGES;
```

> > Note: Currently, the join expression must be a simple comparison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    The join expression must be a simple comparison. Non-equi joins,
```

Author: We use `>` for "note" boxes below, too.
```
>Note: Only stream-stream joins are windowed.
```

Should we update all of them?

Reviewer: @mjsax If you feel like it, but it's not a big deal.

Reviewer 2: i think even this " must be a simple comparison" could be tightened up a little - to me a "simple comparison" is not quite the same as "an equality check" - could maybe include things like !=, >=, etc

Author: Doesn't the second sentence not cover it: `Non-equi joins ... are not supported.` ?

Reviewer 2: absolutely it does! just suggesting that the first sentence could also be more specific. not a big deal.

> Non-equi joins, or joins on multiple columns are not supported yet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    or joins on multiple columns are not supported. 
```

Reviewer 2: maybe worth adding a few words to say that if you want multti-col joins your workaround is to `join` on key equality and add a where clause to compare the other relevant cols ?
